Jason are you on
ya go emergency and ships go three
surfaces Elle has the surf line to run
to come in
what's your 20
we are crossing in front of the hill
turtle Bank TN shark scope three minutes
Roger that
hilton turtle bay I've got no backup at
the moment your own
right
thank you all right good we got out here
our kind of scared to go in mod will
take you on the Scarab no way I'm gonna
catch my way right in
come on let's go hey we got a second did
you guys check it out you get out more
you guys chase those schools
oh man my board my sir
that ball was brand-new it cost me eight
hundred dollars idiot lifeguards just
leave it easy for you to say it's not
your money not to fight you made me lose
it and you should pay for it
yes your paper art yeah he's a public
servant he should pay for it
hey get on fire now what I said he had a
fly on your nose
got it
bored
hey guys thanks for everything
especially the live
part of it
hey
what's this I got that for you i was in
Mali so terrible stuff it's really good
people and life and keep this up and
growing up in
how are you know that the second
favorite gift someone to the first
Western what was the first favorite food
that
the gift
hi I these are for you for me
yeah this is a help you filter my
favorite q and this over here is
Moustakas I made it myself
start with partially sourdough tastes
really sweet keep going that's so sweet
of you thank you very much
well enjoy i will start with the help
here
it's like cream I think he might like
that
that's if you have the taste buds
mmm these are great
I I i think this press Keiko has on use
the cutest thing I've seen what the
crash you know the co has on you time
you were so wrong
really all of a sudden she's bringing
you soap and homemade pastries your
imaginations running well she's not
doing it for the rest of us
you can't really be this naive the gift
of food is a tradition in water level
Lions have a lot of traditional gifts
hey hey wanna hear that juicy gossip
haha tell me i hate wasn't right
oh wait wait now that now that you
started it
what is it ok so I have a crush on Sean
oh well it doesn't really surprise me
think we all do is write protected
yeah but she's taking it one step
further she's being very proactive what
you made
let's just say that desires no longer
from afar she's moving in closer
how well-known won't stand for that
right sean has the will power and
self-control to resist color
colorful you know we did this to
ourselves women thought to be treated as
equals and now
shame on us we're being treated as
equals what's their fault
what we did here in the training center
we've allowed ourselves to become part
of the woodwork paddleboards up against
the wall
I'm having them as much a part of this
team now has anyone all teammates yeah
one of the guys not exactly one of the
guys come on that's how they treat us
which is pretty incredible considering
we walk around in swimsuits all day
what is your point we've lost our
femininity to make it more comfortable
for them like that
good how come Sean ignore a woman like
you how we can think your only interest
is in feeding him or making sure his
skin doesn't crack and peel that's all I
was doing who wait a minute am I missing
something
Ali Cohen made a big move on Sean and he
didn't even know it was completely
unaware she has the hots for you could
you really have the hots for Sean
echo it's just us girls well I didn't
expect a little more reaction to come up
sean kelly is everything that I wanted
him and just another day came out of the
water just looked so sexy
Ellie come on don't tell me you haven't
noticed of course I have but i have to
put those thoughts out of my mind for
the good of the team and I guess I
should too
wait a minute why Sean and you those
guys and us are perfect for each other
we have everything in common the water a
commitment to saving people we take the
same risks often feel the same emotions
were in great physical shape that is all
true but there is a time and a place for
everything fine it doesn't mean I have
to stay in the woodwork
hi I'm gonna stop hiding my sexuality
I'm gonna become feminine again and they
can just deal with three
she just she just she wear way with a
twist
why is she just like
is she just like yeah she just she just
like you
no one still a cross the great can give
no get hurt
she's like you
is like she just
will you sign this place sure
you have to do something about this i
will what changed you did
echo has a crush on you and I think
donors jealous because she wants you to
dawn
you've got to be kidding no I know you
better do something about this wrong
before it rips the team apart
let's start what charge turn to see now
we did I didn't do anything you said
turn so i turn the stuff he not your
body i'm talking about turning the surf
ski you did say sir skee do you need
anything else
no we're ok thanks 45 do that more
I need help
it's just kind of person you just gotta
help I need
for me yeah you you later just sit still
everything alright
what are you following me help yes yes
we do need help desperately
are you hurt
actually have lost all feeling below my
way now he means above his neck
thanks for your offers ladies where I
think we commanded wait Jason you coming
are you gonna swim baby if one of you
ladies are here with my friend here and
helping with the surf skis and i get a
ride back on the new it's my hand but I
can help your friend JD excuse me
you modify sat in the middle No
that is going to work out a lot of them
everyday Joe's hey JT yeah Ellie and saw
on the beach can't be right behind you
sir I'm not
LeBron think you're being paged
yeah the hilton realtalk me
yeah i heard Jason but I didn't catch
your last name
well watch my stuff will be back
yeah my name is Jason Jen phone call for
me
hello it's Jason
yeah is this hi it's very bad i don't
know any Mary Beth are you sure you want
me to thank god you're very mortal
danger
you've got to help they're here they're
gonna kill me
Jason you're the only one who can see
Donna's you
come on but messing around Jason over
here and we're gonna kill me I need your
help
who's trying to show you following
Marybeth look go to the police I can't
call the police
Jason stop that please help me where are
you just I'll send someone
Jason I'm right behind you don't turn
your fucking
I see me to Jason supposed to get me out
of here being the men who are after you
were here right now turn around slowly
they're right behind you at the front
desk
moving now and then
Marybeth we're gonna put down the phone
with the watermark
but cat that wasn't right at all
cascade this does not the man I wanted
someone something that's been around
here we are making a movie and you are
ruining my vision and destroying with
reactivity actually yes yes makeup love
way around it was perfect for my
character is on the wrong side tho have
another day absolutely happy whatever
you want an excuse me I have to meet you
i want you up my shit now back to what
everybody we lost half a day
watch out man
their sub downtown they want you to sign
it
I thanks toss the car
you're right actually i-i've got a
little problem i'm sure you'll figure it
out that's that's what you do
I'll see you Jason I could use your
advice about something
my advice yeah yeah and the situation
and
we it'sit's are women
well first of all there's no such
animals when I mean you can generalize
about horses or maybe even cats so the
problem is not one of the problems in
the woman
Keiko how did you know and what is
coming onto and you wanted to stop
yeah yeah exactly
here it is you john monroe you like
categories
I mean it makes you a deal with things
easier for instance team hazards victims
men women children strong that makes you
put kekoa Jesse alley and on the
categories in first like our teammates
that's right oh that's wrong they're
also female you don't seem as female
maybe because you're worried that one or
all of them will turn you want you don't
want course not
so you call them women so you want to
see this person's no now you getting a
bit carried away
really you got a problem with me no
matter what it is no matter how
sensitive the subject how much might
hurt my feelings
what do you do you come right up here
right up in my face and you say it but
why
because you think of me as a person I
see Keiko as a person to now you do
she made that happen that's your problem
she jump on one category another but uh
she's still the same so changed
did you learn all this stuff trade
secrets but you're gonna go down there
and help you talk too late
without being obvious look over there
where three girls aside the umbrella
you there are naked women on the beach
topless what of what he means is they're
not naked just complicate your life
guards right right
do something about it it's fathering my
family I thought young children for
goodness sake
it's not right you don't seem to be too
but it is illegal here isn't it
we're not sure we're checking out there
i expect you to deal with this
this is a public nuisance desperate
treat this as a formal complaint
yes ma'am thank you
alright we can do on the cover upper for
that new teach this is new peach a while
pretty sure i didn't know that
all right
stretch
no I bet you those girls from france
french girls gotta be
you know I bet you're right ok we have
to do this problem head on let's go
this is beautiful play me names stand
Frank rushed at nude beach
the Russians will take mother lifeguards
at least we can do
oh and don't start any of your mr.
charming ok want
yeah you this is business I'll do the
talking
you're gonna help gotta put in the
reason just running out of work there
the diving mark around their stinger
ok
alright
sorry they got to write so much
little more careful next time
the job other
what are gone
come in
hi I need to talk with you
come on in well just in caco-2 Jesse's
out training
kara come on in here what's up
sean wants to talk to us
ok but what it's about sex group
no i mean III need your help to do what
what even started already i'm crashing
and burning hot
let me put it to you this way you are by
far the most beautiful most desirable
women I've ever been as a man I find
each one of you incredibly attractive
Jesse to sometimes when i see you on the
beach or coming out of the water just
just standing there in the sunlight my
heart stops excuse me
this doesn't include me Ali tuesday and
Miley I came to pick you up
you were walking from the tower to the
truck
I know it was the way the Sun touched
your smile when you breathe neatly
it took my breath away
and I've seen that in all
and it's gotten worse as I got to know
you better
you're also intelligent caring and such
good teammates and and so dedicated to
what we're doing here it would be
difficult not to develop this and
sometimes a person in my position
the person in my position can appear to
be more than they are more attractive or
intriguing or interesting
to you I become what I pretend to be but
in reality i'm just a guy who's been put
in charge of something wonderful that
who knows he can never let his feelings
for anyone of you affect this team
regardless of how much i may wish
otherwise I can't I won't let that ruin
what we're working so hard for and I
need your help on this
ok
whatever I could do not sure how but
show great great then it's settled
come on get dressed i'm gonna take you
to dinner in Hollywood Jose
that was the sweetest thing just love
them
Shawn's right we can't let this get out
of hand
ok
that's for sure
I like that guy Joe
right
backup they watch ye there's a haro
the water akaka
ok
the tire and others in time we're going
to use watching the bottom
hi can I help you please say yes yes i'm
maxeen racine Maxine racine why change
it for professional reasons I'm an
actress
alright oh I a second I've seen you on
TV show
maybe let them Nikita yes that yeah
Nikita anyway I'm looking for jason is
here Jason
max Jason whoa look at mr. head to tell
armani what you look great and you of
subsets very not so much fun
SEMA JD that's terrific yeah alright
let's get out of here
so I had a really great time i'm going
to get to La okami yeah come back let me
know
mr.
later yeah
welcome aboard everybody like one not
stopped or centrist we hope you have a
pleasant